ASP-based solver: allow to reuse installed externals (#31558)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/build_settings.rst

       buildable: False

The addition of the ``buildable`` flag tells Spack that it should never build
its own version of OpenMPI from sources, and it will instead always rely on a pre-built
OpenMPI.

.. note::

   If ``concretizer:reuse`` is on (see :ref:`concretizer-options` for more information on that flag)
   pre-built specs include specs already available from a local store, an upstream store, a registered
   buildcache or specs marked as externals in ``packages.yaml``. If ``concretizer:reuse`` is off, only

>    external specs in ``packages.yaml`` are include d in the list of pre-built specs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   external specs in ``packages.yaml`` are included in the list of pre-built specs.
```
